The UserFlash utility is designed to work in coordination with a new front 
end interface that provides the user with information in localized text. 
It can, through the use of command line switches, override some of the user 
prompts to allow for fully automated hands off usage. From design 
requirements it will prompt the user if certain conditions occur:

	If the version being flashed is older than the existing version.
	If the new version isn't intended for the existing hardware.

Beyond these occurrences, the requirements were to provide as much 
protection against accidental or unintended flashing of one product 
BIOS into an incompatible product.

To these ends, the flash utility incorporates new command line switches. 
These switches can be entered manually for test purposes but they are 
intended to be used with the interface. For this reason they are not 
included in the usage description of the utility itself, with the exception 
of the "/U" switch.

The command line arguments are:
USERFLSH FILENAME.ROM [/?|HELP|H] [/RESTORE] [/I] [/S] [/V] [/U] 

The new switches are /I, /S, /V, /U.

(/I) This switch overrides showing the internal user prompts.

With this switch the user input prompts aren't displayed, so that the 
localized text can be displayed instead. (This switch is required for 
switches 
/S and /V.)

Without this switch the internal prompt strings will be displayed and 
the user is required to input choices normally.


(/S) This switch overrides a product type mismatch condition.

With this switch if the new version and the existing version aren't a 
match (differing SSIDs) the program will continue anyway. 
(Switch /W is also required.) 

Without this switch if the new version and the existing version aren't 
a match the program quits.


(/V) This switch overrides the version check.

With this switch the flash will occur even if the intended version is 
older than the existing version. (Switch /W is also required.)

Without this switch if the intended version is older than the existing 
version the program quits. 


(/U) This switch overrides saving the registers from the existing version. 

With this switch the flash utility will copy the new BIOS "as is" into the 
ROM. The register settings in the new file's OEMConfig table will be 
active on reboot. If the new BIOS is not meant for the card it is being 
flashed on, the performance of the card may become unstable and the 
system may lock.

Without this switch the flash utility will copy the register settings of 
the existing version's OEMConfig table into the new version's table 
before burning it into the ROM. In this way, if a BIOS for one product 
is flashed onto another incompatible product, the card should still work 
well enough to recover since the registers settings won't change.

NOTE - The default functionality of saving the existing register settings 
was for End User simplicity and protection. This utility can still be used 
internally in the same manner as before, as long as it is used with the 
"/U" switch. i.e.: USERFLSH FILENAME.ROM /U. This will perform the same 
as using the previous version of the flash utility. (As described above, 
all the register settings will be updated to the settings in the new file, 
the existing settings will not be carried forward.)



Examples of how this should work for an End User:

Assuming:
1) The image is already on a disk. 
2) The system was booted from that disk.
3) The User has already chosen the language and indicated that they wish 
to proceed.

The front end interface should indicate the Hardware found and the File 
it intends to flash and run the utility with the appropriate switches.
(The command line arguments should be: USERFLSH FILENAME.ROM /I).

If the File and Hardware do not match, the interface should provide a 
prompt in the appropriate language to ask if the user wishes to continue.
If no then the process should quit.
If yes then the interface should rerun the utility with the appropriate 
switches. 
(The command line arguments should be: USERFLSH FILENAME.ROM /I /S).

If the version of the new file is older than the existing version, the 
interface should provide a prompt in the appropriate language to ask if the 
user wishes to continue.
If no then the process should quit.
If yes then the interface should rerun the utility with the appropriate 
switches. 
(The command line arguments should be: USERFlash FILENAME.ROM /I /V).

If an error occurs that makes the display unreadable, the interface should 
recover by rerunning the utility using the previously saved ROM file. 
(The command line arguments should be: USERFlash SAVE.ROM  /U /I /S /V).

NOTE - The command line arguments will be entered by the interface not by 
the user.



